[core] Add PageContainer component (#3713)
mui/mui-toolpad: docs/data/toolpad/core/components/page-container/page-container.md

---
productId: toolpad-core
title: Page Container
components: PageContainer, PageContainerToolbar
---

# Page Container

> <p class="description">A component that wraps page container and provides title, breadcrumbs, page actions.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="description">A component that wraps page content and provides a title, breadcrumbs, and page actions.</p>
```

> The page container component is the ideal wrapper for your actual dashboard content. It shows the title of the current page and provides breadcrumbs to navigate back into the current hierarchy. It also provides a responsive [container](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-container/) for your page container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PageContent` is the ideal wrapper for the content of your dashboard. It shows the current page title, and provides breadcrumbs to navigate back into the current hierarchy. It makes your page responsive through the use of the Material UI Container component under the hood.
```

> Just like the Dashboard Layout component, the page container component uses the navigation structure that is defined in the app provider to build up its breadcrumbs and title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like [`DashboardLayout`](/toolpad/core/react-dashboard-layout/), `PageContainer` uses the navigation structure that is defined in the `AppProvider` to build up its breadcrumbs and title.
```

{{"demo": "BasicPageContainer.js", "height": 300}}

## Title and Breadcrumbs

> The breacrumbs are formed by matching the current pathname with the navigation structure in the App Layout. The title of the matched segment is used as the page title. You can override the page title with the `title` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The breacrumbs are formed by matching the current pathname with the navigation structure defined in the `AppProvider`. The title of the matched segment is used as the page title. You can override the page title with the `title` property.
```

An example of the above will help make it clear; it feels difficult to follow otherwise. For instance, what is the "page title"; what is the "matched segment", and the `title` property on what?

Author: Done

## Actions

> You can configure additional actions in the area that is reserved on the right. To do so provide the `toolbar` slot to the `PageContainer` component. You can wrap the `PageContainerToolbar` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure additional actions in the area that is reserved on the right. To do so provide the `toolbar` slot to the `PageContainer` component. You can wrap the `PageContainerToolbar` component to create a custom toolbar component, as shown here:
```

{{"demo": "ActionsPageContainer.js", "height": 300}}

## Responsiveness

> The Page Container component inherits the properties of the MUI [Container](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-container/) component. You can use its `maxWidth` and `fixed` properties to control the bounds of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Page Container component inherits the properties of the Material UI [Container](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-container/) component. You can use its `maxWidth` and `fixed` properties to control the bounds of the page.
```
